There are only three measurements that tell you nearly everything you need to know about your organization’s overall performance: 
employee engagement, customer satisfaction, and cash flow. It goes without saying that no company,small or large,
can win over the long run without energized employees who believe in the mission and understand how to achieve it.
Employee engagement is the art and science of engaging people in authentic and recognized connectroles,
performance, organization, community, relationship, customers, development, energy,
and happisustain, and transform work into results.
Employees who believe that management is concerned about them as a whole person
not just an employee – are more productive, more satisfied,
more fulfilled. Satisfied employees mean satisfied customers, which leads to profitability.
A group of people get together and exist as an institution we call a company so they are able to
accomplish something collectively that they could not accomplish separately  they make a contribution
to society  a phrase which sounds trite but is fundamental
Start with good people , lay out the rules
communicate with your employees,
motivate them and appreciate them.
Throw yourself into some work you believe in with all you heart
live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness
that you had thought could never be yours.
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them,
you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how
it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
We should, all of us, be filled with gratitude and humility for our present progress and prosperity.
We should be filled with awe and joy at what lies over the horizon.
And we should be filled with absolute determination to make the most of it.
Successful people make money.
It's not that people who make money become successful, but
but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent 
will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom.
The power to choose, to respond, to change.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success,
leadership determines
whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions 
rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things,we can accomplish those goals
we can accomplish those goals. 
Teamwork is so important that it is virtually impossible for you 
to reach the heights of your capabilities or make the money that 
you want without becoming very good at it.
Coming together is a beginning. 
Keeping together is progress. 
Working together is success.
It all came down to employee engagement.It all came down to recognition. It all came down 
to leadership,which led to every sailor feeling ownership and accountability for the results. 
You can ask a team to accomplish a mission but you can’t order excellence.
Employees who believe that management is concerned about them as a whole person 
not just an employee are more productive, more satisfied, more fulfilled.
Satisfied employees mean satisfied customers, which leads to profitability.
Research indicates that workers have three prime needs:
Interesting work, recognition for doing a good job, 
and being let in on things that are going on in the company.
The skilful employer of men will employ 
the wise man, the brave man, 
the covetous man, and the stupid man.
Capital is a result of labor, and is used by labor to assist it 
in further production. Labor is the active and initial force 
and labor is therefore the employer of capital.
The only way to get people to like working hard is to motivate them.
Today, people must understand why they’re working hard. 
Every individual in an organization is motivated by something different.

